README.md, before:

# amstock3

An official repository for amCharts JavaScript Stock Chart V3 (free version).

## Installing

### Using bower

```
bower install amstock3
```

## Usage

Include `amcharts.js`, `serial.js`, and `amstock.js` on your web site:

```
<script src="/bower_components/amstock3/amcharts/amcharts.js"></script>
<script src="/bower_components/amstock3/amcharts/serial.js"></script>
<script src="/bower_components/amstock3/amcharts/amstock.js"></script>
```

## License

This amCharts software is free under a linkware license.

This means you may not remove or hide in any other way link to amCharts
web site - www.amcharts.com.

If you wish to remove the link, you should purchase commercial license.

You may not redistribute, sublicense or sell this program without written
permission of Antanas Marcelionis, the author of amcharts software.

This software is provided without warranty.

## Commercial license

To purchase a commercial license for the current version of this library, visit
[amCharts Online Store](http://www.amcharts.com/online-store/)

## More info

Visit [amCharts website](http://www.amcharts.com/) for more information and 
documentation.

## Contact us

* Email: contact@amcharts.com
* Web: http://www.amcharts.com/
* Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/amcharts
* Twitter: https://twitter.com/amcharts

Commit message:

Updated README with information about support

README.md, after:

# amstock3

An official repository for amCharts JavaScript Stock Chart V3 (free version).

## Getting support

**Important!** For questions regarding usage of this product, please email at 
contact@amcharts.com

The issue tracker on GitHub is not being continuously monitored by amCharts 
support staff, so your questions might take longer to respond to here.

## Installing

### Using bower

```
bower install amstock3
```

## Usage

Include `amcharts.js`, `serial.js`, and `amstock.js` on your web site:

```
<script src="/bower_components/amstock3/amcharts/amcharts.js"></script>
<script src="/bower_components/amstock3/amcharts/serial.js"></script>
<script src="/bower_components/amstock3/amcharts/amstock.js"></script>
```

## License

This amCharts software is free under a linkware license.

This means you may not remove or hide in any other way link to amCharts
web site - www.amcharts.com.

If you wish to remove the link, you should purchase commercial license.

You may not redistribute, sublicense or sell this program without written
permission of Antanas Marcelionis, the author of amcharts software.

This software is provided without warranty.

## Commercial license

To purchase a commercial license for the current version of this library, visit
[amCharts Online Store](http://www.amcharts.com/online-store/)

## More info

Visit [amCharts website](http://www.amcharts.com/) for more information and 
documentation.

## Contact us

* Email: contact@amcharts.com
* Web: http://www.amcharts.com/
* Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/amcharts
* Twitter: https://twitter.com/amcharts
